Authenticator Lite - public preview (#20221)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/microsoftauthenticatorauthenticationmethod.md

|id|String|A unique identifier for this authentication method. Inherited from [authenticationMethod](../resources/authenticationmethod.md)|
|deviceTag|String|Tags containing app metadata.|
|phoneAppVersion|String|Numerical version of this instance of the Authenticator app.|

> |clientAppName|microsoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodClientAppName|The underlying app used by the user. The possible values are: `microsoftAuthenticator`, `outlookMobile`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer: This object isn't in the schema PR that you shared nor is it live

> |clientAppName|microsoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodClientAppName|The underlying app used by the user. The possible values are: `microsoftAuthenticator`, `outlookMobile`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer: Is this technically correct? I suggest "registered" over "used by" because as I've understood this set of APIs, they apply to the configuration object; not the post-usage audit reports.
```suggestion
|clientAppName|microsoftAuthenticatorAuthenticationMethodClientAppName|The app that the user has registered to use to approve push notifications. The possible values are: `microsoftAuthenticator`, `outlookMobile`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```
